aug 30
Today we learned how to use the terminal in the Mac. I was wondering why would this be 
useful, or where in the curriculum it was: this will be useful when connecting one of our 
programs to a Mac. Overall, I thought the learning process was interesting and the skills I
acquired today were some I think will be useful in the future. 



sept 5
Today we used the terminal to access a Raspberry Pi. It was confusing for me -- it is still
difficult to wrap my head around the concept of the terminal. It feels very abstract. Though
I was not able to finish the task, I still enjoyed trying to write a program that worked as 
a menu in the Raspberry Pi. I learned a bit more about Bash and how to use it -- I actually
learn much more by working on a problem myself than by watching someone solve it. 

I think I will have to do some work outside of class to make sure that what we learned today
stays with me. 



sept 6
Today we set up a tiny webpage in a server using Raspberry Pi. We used pug, a language that 
makes writing in html much easier, to control how the website looked. We reviewed a bit of 
the material we covered yesterday (how to access Pi, etc).  I can see myself using this
lesson when doing the web design for my CAS project. 

I think my grasp of the concepts is much stronger when I work towards projects, even if
these are as tiny as writing simple html for a webpage. I'll be allocating some time later
today to reviewing what we learned today and learning more about styling. 



sep 10
Today, we learned web development. We set the IDE and installed Node, as well as Stylus, Pug 
and CoffeeScript. We also worked a little on developing our own webpage ("my first styled
page!") and learning how to use the command console.log. I enjoyed a lot this class -- html
is fun. It reminds me of the classes early last year when we would be left on our own to create
our own programs on Java. I enjoyed being given that freedom to explore but always having the
option of asking the teacher if there are any problems. 



sept 12
Today we set up a login page to learn about html styling with CSS. This was a great class; I feel
like I am leaving the classroom knowing much more than I used to. I can definitely see myself using
what I learned today for my CAS Project, or some personal projects in the future. I wonder how this
will fit into the CS curriculum, though, since I am not taking the Web Development option (I am 
doing OOP). However, as I can see myself using this for my IA, I think it is still worth learning.



sept 13
Today we spent half the class listening to the presentations the VPN team made. I found it interesting,
and as a process, overall useful to get a better grasp of the concepts we discuss theoretically in 
the course. Asking questions to my peers helped me understand the myriad of technical terms that were
being thrown around; I like having this kind of involvement in classroom discussions, and I believe
I will keep on doing so in future lessons. 




sept 14
We worked on the encryption tool, creating the "brain" file and experimenting with the syntax. I
discovered halfway through the class that I couldn't see the changes in my file because I was opening
the pug file, and not the html file, with the browser. A very dumb mistake in retrospective. We also
did some past paper questions. It took me too long to solve those, even with help, so I think I
will allocate some time this weekend to do some review and try to answer some more practice papers.
I spent the last bit of class working on my IA. I am a little worried about the execution, but I 
think the work I want to do its still reasonable. I have realized that if I want to perform optimally
at this class I need to give more thought to it outside of the classroom, and do revision in my own 
time.
